[Music]
hello it's Ruby and today I am going
back to university so I am starting my
second year at access today and I
excited I am excited I'm feeling more
excited than I did last week but I'm
also a tiny bit apprehensive you see
it's been a very long summer and I think
it's natural to you kind of just be a
little bit nervous for adjusting to
university life again I am looking
forward to it and I'm sharing a house
with friends this year which should be
really lovely so we're leaving in about
an hour and I just have my timetable
come through so I'm just gonna go
through my calendar and add this in
which is very useful to have your
lectures always in your calendar
[Music]
this year we hired a violent got to
Exeter and that was because my mum was
using the car for work and all the way
she wouldn't been able to get to work
and it actually worked out really well
because we had so much more space as you
can see I did bring a lot
[Music]
hi Ruby the lipstick marks no good how
is it that a four-month summer could
have gone so quickly 120 days I'm gonna
miss her galloping down the stairs in
the morning mom actually just recorded a
video of me walking down the stairs but
she likes the way I sound when I walk
down stairs and then we had the long
drive to access air
it was raining on the way which was so
lovely I love the rain and we ate these
amazing samosas and I got this tapped
water
it's birch water which is tapped from a
tree and it's amazing honestly my
favorite
[Music]
see then we got to you
house
and I put on the time last week getting
everything put away but when my dad in
from the window it fell over and so I
didn't realize but it didn't actually
record any of it okay so I'm in my new
room this is what it looks like it's
obviously very messy at the moment but
it's such a nice size and I'm just
basically starting to get this put up I
am going to put this on
time-lapse but I did do some time lapses
later on so I just put all of my clothes
away in my wardrobe and the wardrobe is
so so spacious I was not expecting for
the order to be this big I don't just oh
my great Sarah they can install mice
cleaning supplies and my university
stuff like there's just so much space
[Music]
and at the same time my dad very kindly
got the bed made up
[Music]
after that we left to go to Darnell
because basically we had bought the
wrong size sheets for the bed and we
needed to go and grab one and after that
we went to just get behind
fresh food citizen fruit and vegetables
and we also went over dinner which was
very nice
[Music]
my room is still not quite that and I
think I might do a tiny bit tidying now
get into my pajamas first and then have
a go tidying up a little bit putting a
few bits away so I can sleep soundly my
dad just left and I think I need to be
super honest with you and say I honestly
hate the moment that he leaves even
after a year of university I still
really don't like the moment where I
have to say goodbye okay so I'm now in
my pajamas and I'm ready to go to bed um
I love my bed setup this is actually a
scarf but it works really well as a
blanket and I really wanted a tartan
autumnal blanket for the end of my bed
and there was he pointing I've been
buying one I just decided to use this
girl thank you for watching this video
and I hope that you have
[Music]